talking about the problems with methane
so um a blade of grass tips over and
dies and it rots it creates methane a
cow can eat that same blade of grass and
it produces the same exact methane so
that's like high school biology however
when it's discussed in Congress it's
cows eating grass are destroying the
environment even though cows eating
grass are the environment so uh the
whole argument is sort of false and now
we have pharmaceutical companies that
are supporting and sort of the AMA is
also supporting this this idea uh
because they like sick people they make
great customers uh so it's it's two
forces that are pushing to make the most
nutritious food available that being
animal protein either illegal or
sanctioned or over taxed or something
like that what can be
done like how can we protect the the
beef
industry uh you know I think
what I you know I think there's a
new crop of environmentalists who are
understanding the importance of uh
keeping animals on the land and you know
I I kind of grew up in that in in that
area because I was um I spent a lot of
my career suing factory farms and I've
probably sued Smithfield more than any
other attorney Tyson's
Purdue um Bo Pilgrim all of the big you
know Wendell Murphy all of the big uh an
Mass you know Kayo concentrated animal
feed
operations and um and what's happened is
a transformation of land use and what I
think more and more and so they're now
you know do do dosing the fields with um
with with pesticides and with uh and and
we're not doing what and with with um
carbon based chemicals you know
fertilizers yes and what we've learned
is it's destroying the soils and that
the best thing that you can do for the
climate is to have uh is to have
wholesome Rich soils and the best way to
aate the
soil um and to make sure that it's
healthy is by having ulence on it who
are tearing up the the Earth with their
hoves who are spreading manure on that
soil and returning soil health and once
it's a healthy soil you're you're
absorbing a lot more carbon so if your P
if your primary concern is is uh carbon
it solves that problem but also does a
lot of other good things for the
environment it it helps U uh um
rainwater to permeate the land
land rather than to run off across the
surface and you know which is very very
destructive not only of soils but also
the Water Systems Etc so I think there
is a sort of a new um and when I started
making these arguments back in the 90s
they were very novel arguments people at
that time were you know were subsumed in
the the carbon only Orthodoxy that's the
you know only important issue and what
we I think more and more
environmentalists coming up including
you know one of the leaders of that that
movement is a guy called Charles
eisenstein who is uh the messaging
director for my
campaign so you know I think you've got
a whole bunch of people in this campaign
who are uh very much in favor of
regenerative
agriculture very much against the idea
of synthetic Foods right um and and
other you know eating insects and all
the other weird ideas that are coming
from from the corporate kleptocracy
fredly unusable protein by the human
body but nobody really talks about
nobody even knows what's in it I mean
nobody really really even knows what's
in real
meat you know I there's so much the
essential amino acids of vitamin B12
like you can't survive for more than
seven or eight years without it now
fortunately for vegans statistically
they do eat meat when they're drunk so
they'll probably do okay long term but
we need to keep healthy food on the
shelves at the grocery store yeah it is
so important for America to understand
that you understand this yeah well
awesome done thank you so
much I love that time that's it that's
all I
[Music]
got